<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## DynamicTabs

DynamicTabs lets you create awesome dynamic tabs.

### Parameters

-   `container` **([HTMLElement][1] \| [string][2])** The containing element or the ID of the containing element.

### registerTabs

Register tabs identified by their IDs.

#### Parameters

-   `tabIDs` **[Array][3]&lt;[string][2]>** The IDs of the tabs to register.
-   `idPrefix` **[string][2]** A prefix used with each ID given. (optional, default `""`)

### registerAllTabs

Register all tabs found in the container, which is just elements with the class "dynamic-tab", and refresh the layout.

### registerTab

Register the tab already within the container.

#### Parameters

-   `tab` **[HTMLElement][1]** The tab to register.
-   `refreshLayout` **[boolean][4]** Whether to refresh the layout after the tab is registered. (optional, default `false`)

### deregisterAllTabs

De-register all tabs, and remove all tab switch callbacks. If any tabs will be registered again and a tab switch
callback will need to be called, the callback should be registered again using addSwitchCallback.

### deregisterTab

De-register a tab, removing the click event listener given to it when it was registered, and hide the element from view.

#### Parameters

-   `tabIndex` **[number][5]** The index of the tab in the registeredTabs array.
-   `refreshLayout` **[boolean][4]** Whether to refresh the layout after de-registering the tab. (optional, default `false`)

### setActiveTabIndex

Set the active tab by its index in the registeredTabs array and then scroll to it if necessary.

#### Parameters

-   `newIndex` **[number][5]** 

### addSwitchCallback

Add a callback function to be called after each tab switch.

#### Parameters

-   `callback` **[tabSwitchCallback][6]** 

### handleClick

handleClick is the click event callback given to each tab upon registration.
This event callback is removed when the tab is de-registered.
This function must not be called from anywhere directly.

#### Parameters

-   `tabIndex` **[number][5]** The index of the clicked tab.

### refreshLayout

Refresh the entire layout of the tabs.

### scrollToActiveTab

Scroll within the tabs container so that the active tab is visible.

### resetIndicator

Reset the indicator bar offset and width.

### scrollLeft

Scroll left framerWidths widths of the framer.

#### Parameters

-   `framerWidths` **[number][5]**  (optional, default `0.85`)

### scrollRight

Scroll right framerWidths widths of the framer.

#### Parameters

-   `framerWidths` **[number][5]**  (optional, default `0.85`)

### setTabsOffset

Set the scrolling offset.

#### Parameters

-   `offset` **[number][5]** The number of pixels that the offset should be.

### showArrow

Show either the left or right arrow or both.

#### Parameters

-   `leftRightAll` **[string][2]**  (optional, default `"all"`)

### hideArrow

Hide either the left or right arrow or both.

#### Parameters

-   `leftRightAll` **[string][2]**  (optional, default `"all"`)

### setActiveHighlight

Set the DOM attribute of the registered tab at tabIndex to mark it as the active tab.

#### Parameters

-   `tabIndex`  

### resetRects

Reset the boundingClientRect info of all registered tabs based on the current layout.

#### Parameters

-   `firstLeft`  
-   `widths`  

## tabSwitchCallback

A tabSwitchCallback can be registered using the addSwitchCallback method.

Type: [Function][7]

### Parameters

-   `previousTabIndex` **[number][5]** 
-   `nextTabIndex` **[number][5]** 
-   `clickedTab` **[HTMLElement][1]** 

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[6]: #tabswitchcallback

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
